Tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
CHORUS:
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired, so much more aware
CHORUS:
By becoming this all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
Can't you see that you're smothering me?
Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control
'Cause everything that you thought I would be
Has fallen apart, right in front of you (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake
to you (Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
And every second I waste is more than I can
take!
CHORUS:
I've become so numb
I can't feel you there
CHORUS:
Become so tired, so much more aware
By becoming this all I want to do
CHORUS:
Is be more like me and be less like you
And I know
I may end up failing too
But I know
You were just like me with someone disappointed in you
CHORUS:
I've become so numb
I can't feel you there
CHORUS:
Become so tired, so much more aware
By becoming this all I want to do
CHORUS:
Is be more like me and be less like you
I've become so numb
CHORUS:
I can't feel you there
I'm tired of being what you want me to be
CHORUS:
I've become so numb
I can't feel you there
I'm tired of being what you want me to be